hey what's up guys this is CPC Thank You
Karmen Huber and today I have a mini
review of the new Rubik's brand
untouchable yeah this is with the new
design and the tiles and one up this is
an unscripted review this is just the
mini review so it's unscripted and yeah
let's just jump right into it so this
puzzle I bought for sixteen dollars at
the Liberty Science Center but I believe
it's sixteen dollars everywhere else as
well which is kind of a substantial ad
for a cube in fact really quickly if I
just grab my owl
this was also sixteen dollars and of
course this how this one turns this book
page is obviously a lot better but and
they're the same price but I didn't want
to get this as a novelty kind of as a
souvenir from the science center beyond
Rubik's Cube so yeah anyway this few
turns it turns okay I mean it's pretty
sluggish but it's kind of its kind of
got a crispy feel and yeah it's pretty
sluggish so as you probably expect but
this is a super-tight version yeah I
just leave this for jiggler and it got
way better used to be as bad as my
original Rubik's used to be in here is
my original original remix with the old
design I have to say this is better than
this I think in my opinion because mine
is modern saloon but both of them a
little bit jiggly but this one is just
better in my opinion
turns better but yeah but this one
corner cuts better it actually corner
cuts about line to line and reverse is
like a third of a piece so it's actually
not too bad in that department it does
use tiles and service regular stickers
and they do look pretty nice and
obviously it's it'll stay new forever
which is a nice feature I keep on
bumping the tripod sorry but yeah that's
pretty much I have to say about it it's
in okay tube obviously has some lock-up
issues yeah but it doesn't pop within
the super tight function any anti-pot
mechanism which i won't be showing you
because it's way too tight to but I'm
going to attempt speed solve hopefully
this isn't afraid because I'm not
looking through the viewfinder for the
selection looking under it but of course
my little head is still gone down the
drain even though I'm looking under the
massager but I learned my jeepers I
don't know why I'm fascinated about it
some reason I just have a thing against
learning my jeepers I know there
shouldn't be that hard to learn but I
don't even know what what it's what's
about it what but yeah that's about it
for this video thanks for watching and
I'll see you guys on my next video